# drone-bangladesh-server

# Website Detail

[Live website link ](http://localhost:5000/)

1 The home page will have a header (simple navbar), banner, products, reviews,
and footer. On the home page, the products will have a maximum of 6
items/products. You can put one or more products in a row based on your design.
Each product should have a relevant name, image, short description, add a
purchase or buy now button.

2 Add 5 extra sections on the home page in addition to the 5 sections mentioned
above.

3 We will have another page on the top navigation bar (header) mentioning
explore. Clicking on the link will take the user to the explore page. On this
page, users will see all the products you have. This means the user will see at
least 10 products on this page. Each item will have a name, description, image,
price, and add to cart button. Once a user clicks on this button, the product
add to the cart

4 The purchases page will be a private/protected route. Please make sure that if
the user is not logged in, the private route redirects to the login page. After
login, the user will be redirected to the page he/she wanted to go to. Also,
make sure, after reloading the page of a private route, the user is not
redirected to the login page. The purchase page should display detailed
information of the item the user has clicked somewhere at the top. It will also
display the user's name and email address from the login system and the user
will have a field to provide an address, phone number, and necessary information
to place the order or to complete the purchase.

5 Implement email/ password and google (login/Register) based login system. The
registration form should have the name and once a user is logged in, the user
name and the logout button should appear on the header which will log out the
user once clicked. Displaying username on the header.

6 If a user is logged in, he/she will see another option on the header is called
Dashboard and inside that dashboard, a normal user (not an admin) will see
options like Cart, My Orders, Review, Logout.

7 On my orders page, the logged-in user will see only his/her orders. If the
user wants, he/she should be able to cancel/delete any order. Ask for a
confirmation message before deleting or canceling an item.

8 On the Review page, users should be able to add a review and that review will
appear on the home age. Right now you will see every review on the home page.
There is no limit on the number of reviews or the order of the review. 9 If an
admin logs in, he/she will not see the options that a normal user sees. Instead,
an admin will see Manage All Orders, Add A Product, Make Admin, Manage Products
Logout.

10 An Admin should be able to make another user an admin. If an admin wants,
he/she will be able to add a product on the add a product page. After adding the
product, this product will appear on the explore page.

11 For our testing purpose email address: admin@admin.com password: 123456

12 Used a database MongoDB atlas to store information
